[docs] Refactor the rest of the 'Test API' section (#4996)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/concepts/typescript-and-coffescript.md

TestCafe bundles the TypeScript declaration file with the npm package, so you do not need to install it separately.

### Write Tests with TypeScript

To start writing tests with TypeScript, install TestCafe into your project directory. For more information, see [Install TestCafe](../guides/basic-guides/install-testcafe.md#local-installation).

> When writing test in TypeScript, it is required to import TestCafe module first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing test in TypeScript, you must import the TestCafe module first.
```

![Writing Tests with TypeScript](../../images/typescript-support.png)

> If installed [globally](../guides/basic-guides/install-testcafe.md#global-installation), TestCafe will successfully compile and run your tests written in TypeScript.
In this case, your IDE will not be able to find the TestCafe declaration file and provide code completion.

Now, you can write tests in the same manner as in JavaScript.

> When you run a test Testcafe will output if there are any compilation errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run a test, Testcafe will output if there are any compilation errors.
```
will output what?

> The [extending selectors](../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md#extend-selectors)
> in TypeScript differs from extending selectors in JavaScript. Refer to the
> [Custom Properties](../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md#custom-properties)
> and [Custom Methods](../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md#custom-methods)
> sections to learn how to extend selectors in TypeScript.

### Customize Compiler Options

> TestCafe allows you to specify [TypeScript compiler options](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/compiler-options.html) in the `tsconfig.json` file. You can use these options to enable JSX compilation, import code or typings with `paths` aliases, set aliases to React typings, or customize other compiler settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TestCafe allows you to specify [TypeScript compiler options](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/compiler-options.html) in the `tsconfig.json` file. You can use these options to enable the JSX compilation, import code or typings with `paths` aliases, set aliases to React typings, or customize other compiler settings.
```
is typings a real word?
